riviera should be just beyond heaven's
gate
riviera
the God's wisdom the retribution lies
there the retribution
to actuate the retribution and judge the
demons as grim angels that is our duty
death to all sinners
retribution it's powerful enough to
destroy Riviera
isn't there a way to save both a scart
and Riviera
that is not necessary we need only
follow orders
her only duty is to protect a scart that
is the fate of all grim angels
I still need more training
where am I oh you're awake I was worried
what happened
well I was in the forest and you fell
from the sky
huh could this be
what's wrong via
there are medicinal herbs growing here
news
considering the danger will be facing we
should probably take some
riviera
you
are you okay
who are you we're not your enemy
please
she's a part
huh
you can thank me later
are you guys all right
I'm sorry
I sure messed that up didn't I
who are you
I'm Sierra I was looking for ingredients
what about you
I'm not a witch for nothing
you